# 00-InterviewPrep
Resources for interview preparations
Amazon follows 16 Leadership principles and uses it to make decisions on day today activity. 
They will analyse how strong you are on those principles and if you are raising the bar or not. This is supported by a set up
behavioural questions you can easily find on the internet. What you can do is, list out 5-10 important challenging situations, achievements, failures that you have gone through over the last 1-2 years. It would be much better to put the recent events with priority. Write up small paragraph on each focusing on - what was the situation & tasks, what actions you have taken and what was the results and learning from that. By having these things ready, be prepared to demonstrate it as well as possible. Do not use any generalised statement, be specific on the points. Provide the statement supporting data as much as you can. Supporting data is very much crucial as these are all will be helpful for the interviewer as well. During coding round ensure these questions are responded directly with much sorter answer if you have started with your coding, but if already coding is done then as per the time available extend it to more elaborative manners. Take 1min to frame your answer as per the question asked, it may not happen whatever questions you have prepared for will be asked to you. May be different but somewhat related to situations you have prepared. So have a clear thought on framing the answer as per the situation is highly suggested.

Most Important is do not fake the scenario. It's ok to describe a simple and small event that actually happened rather than a big fake situation. Because, you will be asked too many follow up questions about the situations and you may fail to fake those at that point directly at the interview and it may go very worst. So be honest about the situation and convince the interviewer how important that was to you with a lot of data points.
You do not have to remember each and every thing, just be prepare with the situations so that you can frame the situation better while asked at the interview.

